ES|QL rule docs (#4062)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/about-rules.asciidoc

* <<create-new-terms-rule, *New terms*>>: Generates an alert for each new term detected in source documents within a specified time range. You can also detect a combination of up to three new terms (for example, a `host.ip` and `host.id` that have never been observed together before).

> * <<create-esql-rule, *ES|QL*>>: Uses an {ref}/esql.html[Elasticsearch Query Language (ES|QL)] query to search your events and aggregate source event data. 

Author: Yeah, good point! The current description isn't all that informative if you're wondering how ES|QL rules create alerts. Initially, I had considered writing a general statement like "creates and alert when the query is met", but I decided against it because I didn't think it was descriptive enough. I go into more detail about how alerts are generated in the actual steps though, so writing high-level explanation is probably fine here.

```suggestion
* <<create-esql-rule, *ES|QL*>>: Searches the defined indices and creates an alert when results match an {ref}/esql.html[Elasticsearch Query Language (ES|QL)] query.
```

> * <<create-esql-rule, *ES|QL*>>: Uses an {ref}/esql.html[Elasticsearch Query Language (ES|QL)] query to search your events and aggregate source event data. 

Reviewer: Sounds good, thanks for the context!

* <<create-new-terms-rule, *New terms*>>: Generates an alert for each new term detected in source documents within a specified time range. You can also detect a combination of up to three new terms (for example, a `host.ip` and `host.id` that have never been observed together before).

> * <<create-esql-rule, *ES|QL*>>: Uses the Elasticsearch Query Language (ES|QL) to find events in the defined data sources and aggregate search results. 

Author: ```suggestion
* <<create-esql-rule, *ES|QL*>>: Uses the Elasticsearch Query Language (ES|QL) to find events and aggregate search results. 
```

+
preview::[]

> creates an alert when one or more documents match the rule's ES|QL query.

Author: ```suggestion
```

* <<create-new-terms-rule, *New terms*>>: Generates an alert for each new term detected in source documents within a specified time range. You can also detect a combination of up to three new terms (for example, a `host.ip` and `host.id` that have never been observed together before).

> * <<create-esql-rule, *ES|QL terms*>>: ES|QL-based rule, which searches the defined indices and

Author: ```suggestion
* <<create-esql-rule, *ES|QL terms*>>: Uses the Elasticsearch Query Language (ES|QL) to find events in the defined data sources and aggregate search results. 
```
